Chapter 1: Someone at the Door

It was a dark and stormy night. I was watching scary movies with my girlfriend since we were in the mood for being frightened. 
	Then we heard a knock at the door.
I didn’t know who would be visiting us at such a late hour. I got up, put my pants back on, and headed towards the door. I looked through the peephole only to be disappointed by the fact that it was nighttime and I could see shit.
	I didn’t want to turn on the porch light because then the person outside would know that someone was inside and I didn’t want to lead him on or anything. So what did I do? I waited.
	The knock came again. I waited some more. This continued for several hours into the wee hours of the morning. Eventually I just got fed up and turned the porchlight on to see who it was.
	The man was wearing dark clothing and was African American. He had a briefcase in one hand and his umbrella in the other. His face looked strong but weary. It looked like a face that had seen many horrors and many pleasures. It was a face of wisdom, like the man had seen everything the world had to offer in his lifetime. It was a face filled with dignity, as if he had stood up for the things he believed in throughout his entire life. His face was indescribable. There were so many nuances to his face that one could not simply comprehend the depth of his face. It was a face that bore the burden of life and yet there was one little thing that struck me about his face: it was ugly.
	I continued looking through the peephole at this guy for the longest time. I can tell he was getting fed up with waiting since there was a considerable amount of steam shooting out of his aural orifices. I decided that the right thing to do was wait by the door till morning so that if he was there I would know that he meant business. 
	I grabbed a sleeping bag out of the pantry and set up camp.
The next morning I woke up in sheer terror. Actually it was more like a feeling of contentness with the world. I got up and immediately checked out the peephole to see if that black man was still there. What I saw immediately filled me with sheer terror. Actually it was more like pleasant surprise. He was still there.
	I decided that it was finally time to open the door. I slowly turned the lock so that it was in the unlock position. I twisted the doorknob ever so slowly. Beads of sweat started jetting down my sexy face. As the doorknob got into the position where it just couldn’t be twisted any more I could feel my heart pounding more than a slice of pound cake. Now was the moment of truth, the next few seconds might have determined the fate of the rest of my life or might have had no effect on my life whatsoever. I didn’t know. I didn’t want to know. Actually I did want to know so I slowly started opening the door. Now as you might not have known my door swung inwards. This had no effect on anything whatsoever. I continued to swing the door open inch by inch. The tension was building. I could feel it on my face and in my loins. Seconds passed by and the door was opening more and more with each passing second. IT WAS INTENSE. Finally, after several seconds, the door was open all the way, and I was completely horrified by what  I saw. 
	The man was standing there, looking at me with those eyes. Eyes that looked as if they had see many terrors and many pleasures in their lifetime. They were eyes that if you asked them if they’ve seen a lot in their lifetime, they would say yes. These were no ordinary eyes, they were eyes that could stare deep down within the depths of your soul and still be back in time for dinner. That was how intense the eyes were on this man.
	We sort of stared at each other for a while, kind of like were each waiting for each other to make the first move. Suddenly, five seconds later, still nothing had happened. It was definitely intense. The moment was so intense that if were any more intense then something would have definitely exploded right then. This was an intensity unmatched by any intensity I had ever felt before in my entire life (and I play golf). Oh it was intense all right, so intense that if I belabored the point any further it would actually lose its intensity, that’s how intense it was during that time.  
	A few more seconds passed and I noticed that he was making the first move. I watched him intently and saw that lips began to move about with life, as if he were about to try to say something. His lips slowly parted. They were parting like a ship was parting a dock to go on some long journey. This was no ordinary parting. These lips were parting with a passion. A passion you would only find in the deepest depths of the Mexican countryside. This passion burned like a fire of a thousand suns. A burning so intense that if the passion burned anymore intensely, something would’ve definitely melted like a chocolate bunny melting in the summer heat. Even though all this was taking place during the span of 2 or three seconds. I could tell that this man’s lips had purpose, they had that fire needed to report information to others. 
	I waited intensely as the man continued his endeavor to move his lips around in an appropriate way to try to say something. A full one and a half seconds later I finally heard his voice.
	His voice was nice.
His words were brief but filled with complexity. A complexity only found in the most difficult crossword puzzles. So complex that I couldn’t even comprehend the true meaning  of what he was really trying to say to me. I was in shock for a full three seconds. It was kewl lol.
	“Good moring…”, the man said with gusto.
	“..son”, he suddenly added. 
	I was taken back a bit by this unexpected development.
	“Good morning father”, I responded.
	“How was work last night?”, I asked.
	“It was alrite Im just glad to finally be home.” The man said.
	He began lifting his right arm and the next thing I knew his hand was approaching my own. I was not sure how to respond this but I decided to roll with it and see what happened. 
	He grasped my hand with his hand. This formed a bond unmatched by any bond I had previously ever felt. A bond so intense that any adhesive in existence would be jealous of such a bond as this. He pulled me out of the house and into the street.  We both stared into the rising sun in the horizon and slowly began walking towards our destiny together.

Chapter 2: Man at the Door Wants Something from me That I Don’t want to give Him (Non-perveted)

After getting back from our stroll around the block me and daddy decided to have some delicious breakfast.
	“What would u like for breakfast my son”, he asked me with a creepy smile on his face.
	“I think we should have waffles and bacon, daddy”, I said with a creepy smile on my face.
	With a creepy smile on both of our faces we began preparing our waffles and eggs together. I volunteered to make the eggs and he volunteered to make the waffles. I knew dad wasn’t particularly good at making waffles since last he tried to make waffles everyone in the house got mad because the waffles tasted like eggs. This might’ve been because he was also making eggs at the same time and I was making the waffles. But that wasn’t important. The important thing was that I was making eggs this time and I wanted to show daddy that I could make eggs well and let him take care of the waffles.
I carefully poured the batter into the waffle iron and closed the waffle iron and waited. While I was waiting I watched dad attempt to make the eggs. He wasn’t very good at it. He kept dropping the eggs everywhere and spilling egg shells everywhere, as well. I continued to watch him and he was all like, 
“What the hell are you staring at?”, he asked angrily.
“Oh nothing I said looking and laughing at him”, I said.
“Stop laughing at me before I come over there and teach you a lesson”, he yelled.
“Oh no im shaking in my boots”, I retorted.
He got mad by my comments and headed over towards me with his spatula in hand. I got kind of scared since last time he approached me with a spatula he used it to hit me in the face. He approached my quickly and hit me in the face with the spatula.
“Ouch why did you do that for father?”, I asked with tears forming in my eyes.
My father never was one with words. Whenever he tried explaining things to me I would end up more stupider than before he tried explaining the thing to me. This did not make me happy since I was a pretty smart tamale in my day but now Im stupid because daddy cant explain stuff to me very well.
“Give me it, son”, he demanded in a very low voice.
“Give you what?”, I aksed.
“You know what I want son, not give it to me before I get really angry”.
“I don’t have any idea what you are talking about father just leave me alone and let me eat my waffles and bacon in peace”, I counter-retorted.
“I’ll give you five seconds to give me what I want or else I will punish you badly”, threatened father.
I stood there in silence eating my eggs.
“Ok son Im going to countdown”, he said.
“Five”
“4”
“3three”
“two”
“one”
“ze- “, he got cut off by a knock at the door.
“Dammit”, he squeeeled, “You’re off the hook for now you slippery little rascal”.
He walked over to the door and looked through the peephole. He saw nothing. He looked some more but still didn’t see anything. He stood there for about 4 hours and still didn’t see anything. By this time his eggs and bacon were getting cold so I decided to eat them for him. As I began eating my father’s eggs I noticed how delicious they were, even when cold. I gently suckled each bite and savored the flavors. I moved on to the bacon after finishing off the eggs and completely swallowed all of my dad’s bacon. After feeling the last bit of food slide down my throat I went to go see what was up with this door business. I walked up to the door.
“Hey dad’s who’s at the door”, I asked.
He didn’t say anything. He didn’t even move. I tried to nudge him but he wouldn’t budge. I got a nearby vase and threw it at his head. It shattered and dad did not flinch one bit. It was just as I suspected: time had frozen, except for me apparently. I looked back at my dad and saw blood running down the side of his head. He then collapsed in the floor.
“woops”, I said. 
I guess time wasn’t frozen after all. I dragged my dad to the hospital but they said he died on the way there. So there I was, stuck in the world without a father. 

Chapter 3: So What Happened to your mom cant she take Care of You?

You may be wondering what happened to my mother. My mom was a pretty kewl person. She always played with me when I was younger. However, one day she and my dad got into some sort of argument. She got very upset disappeared mysteriously. My dad said that there was a secret room in the attic of our house that my mother had tried to explore. Apparently she never came back. I never thought to check out this secret room for myself since my father said I wasn’t allowed. But now I guess he’s gone so I’m going to go explore our attic now.

Chapter 4: The Mystery of the Secret Attic

I got Home and noticed how quiet it was. My father was a fairly loud person in his day. Always dancing and doing the cha-cha. Im going to miss that guy. I went upstairs and searched for our attic. I’ve never actually seen any way of getting to the attic but I know it’s up there somewhere since from our front yard there is a large circular window very high up on the wall. I look into it every time I come back from school and can see a room with a bunch of boxes and plastic dolls and stuff. Anyway, I was upstairs searching for some opening to get into the attic. I mustve been staring at the ceiling for like 10 hours straight and still didn’t see any way of getting in there. I decided to go to bed for the night.
 	Since I had the whole house to myself I wanted to sleep in the masterbedroom since the bed was so much bigger. I got under the covers and was about to turn off the lamp when all of a sudden I saw this door next to me. Now this door didn’t just appear out of nowhere. I always knew it was there but I never looked to see what was in there since my dad always said a horrible monster lived in it. Well since my dad was dead now I had no reason to believe him anymore! 
I crawled out of bed and walked up to the door. I put my ear up against it and listened intently. I heard a light thumping, similar to a heartbeat. I listened for a few minutes and the thumping continued. I touched the doorknob and the thumping got slightly louder. I was kind of scared but I was a big boy and knew I shouldn’t be scared of stupid things now. I slowly twisted the doorknob and heard something scurry around behind the door. I paused for a second and considered just going to bed and not dealing with this when all of a sudden I heard a strange voice.
“Open the god damn door”, the voice said. 
Turns out the voice was my own voice. I had a tendency to talk to myself when I was nervous. I decided to just open the door and get it over with. I swung the door open wide looked into the dark closet. I saw two large eyes light up and tower above me. I stood there frozen in fear for a few seconds and felt something hairy brush up against my face. It was a large, black, grizzly bear. The bear took a swipe at my chest and ripped the skin off, exposing my prepubescent ribs. I stood there not sure what to do. The bear took its arm back for a deathblow to my head and just as it made contact
I woke up the next day in a daze. I guess it was all a dream (lol). I hopped out of bed and went to where the door was in my dream. The door was still there. I opened it and saw that it just led to a balcony. I walked onto the balcony and saw a ladder leading up to the roof. I climbed onto the roof and saw a metal hatch nearby. I went over to the hatch and lifted it. It was dark inside I put my head a little closer to see what was inside and saw two eyes light up. Turns out there was a bear hiding in this hatch. He hopped out onto the roof and thrashed my face. I was about to die but then
I woke up the next day in a cold sweat. I pulled the covers off me, making sure there was no bears hiding around me. I hopped out of bed and saw that there was really no door where the door was in my dreams. However, I did notice that there was a window instead; a large, circular window… I walked up to the window and looked outside and saw the frontyard. I started getting creeped out when all of a sudden I saw this little boy walking up to the house. I looked closely. It was me. The boy stared directly into this window I was standing in front of my but I quickly ducked out of the way. Moments later I heard someone walk up the stairs and stop right on the other side of a nearby door. My heart began pounding furiously. He began opening the door and I panicked. As soon as I could see him I took a swipe at his chest, exposing his prepubescent ribs then I gave him a deathblow to the head. I stumbled in front of a nearby mirror and saw that I was a bear. I passed out 22 seconds later.
I woke up in a fog. I rolled out of bed. I tripped over a nearby doorknob and got trapped in a fireplace. I tried climbing up and out though the chimney but there was a door blocking the top of the chimney. Moments later someone opened this door. I hopped out and thrashed the kids face in my panicked state. I stumbled backwards and fell off the roof. As I hit the ground below
I woke up. 


Chapter 4: Ok No More Dreams Im really going to Go on with the Story now

I hopped out of bed after an eventful night of dreaming. There was no door next to the bed and I wasn’t a bear. I decided to continue looking for a way into the attic. I went outside into the front yard to try to look into the circular window that high up on the wall. I noticed that this window was located right above the window in my sister’s room. Hopefully this meant that the way into the attic was located in my sister’s room. Now you may be wondering where my sister has been located this whole time. Let me tell you…

Chapter 5:  What happened to you, Sister?

My sister was diagnosed with terminal cancer shortly after her birth. It was a brain cancer that slowly ate away at the nervous system until the victim no longer had any feeling left in their body. My parents were devastated after learning about this. The doctors said she only had about 4 months to live after she was born. During those four months my parents spent as much time as they could with her. She wasn’t allowed to leave her bed so my parents practically lived in that room for those 4 months.
Near the end of that fourth month my parents had gotten so attached to my sister that they couldn’t stand to watch as she died in front of their eyes. So what did they do? They just left her alone in her room and nailed the door shut hoping to never have to deal with her ever again. They just left her to die all by herself in that room. Since then no one has been allowed to even get close to that room. The police have made several attempts to investigate but each time my parents found a way to ward them off. I was never allowed to get near the room but now with my father gone and my mother disappeared, I had no choice to investigate. I walked up to the door to try to find of a way to get in. My dad nailed the door shut and constructed a brick wall in front of it. I had no idea how I would ever get inside.

Chapter 6: How I got Inside
	
With dynamite. I lit the fuse and ran downstairs so I wouldn’t get caught in the blast. I was down there for days but still didn’t hear any type of explosion. I started to get curious as to why the dynamite didn’t explode yet. I slowly wormed my way up back upstairs to investigate. I peeked up over the topmost steps to see what was going on. The fuse was still lit and was about to reach the dynamite. It then exploded. I was sent flying several thousand feet in the air. Luckily though, I was sent straight up so I knew I would land near my house. I waited for gravity to take effect and thought about the good times in my life.

	I remember this once time when I was in fourth grade. I was a slippery little rascal back then. My friend and I would always cause trouble during school. We would provoke other kids into trying to fight us and we would hog the swings and slides all lunch and recess. When thought it was funny until our teacher confronted us in the classroom about it. He stopped class one day just to yell at the two of us, but me in particular. He called me the worst student he had ever seen and forbade me from hanging with me friend in school ever again. This made me a sad little yoshi. I felt bad for the rest of the day. The kids at lunch tried to make me and my friend feel better (we were sitting by ourselves on opposite sides of the playground) but nothing helped. After school that day the teacher came up to us and apologized for yelling at us and let me and my friend hang out together again. He started giving us a bunch of free stuff after that. Now that I think about it I think he just didn’t want us telling our parents about it and getting him fired and stuff.

	Anyways, I was about to hit the ground. I hit the ground. I passed out. I woke up later with a case of the munchies but I knew I had to go check out my sister’s room. I crept up the stairs and walked up to the no longer existing door. I wasn’t sure what to expect at this point so I just poked my head in to see what was in there. It seemed like a normal kid’s room. It was clean and it smelled kind of nice. I looked over at the bed.
It was perfectly made, except that it looked like something was laying under the covers. I walked up to the bed. I poked the covered specimen with my left index finger. Nothing happened. I shook it a little bit. Still nothing happened. I guess my only choice was to uncover it to see what it was. I grabbed the edge of the bedcovers. I decided to just pull the covers off quickly on the count of 3.
	“1”
	“two”
	…
	I paused for a moment. 
	“THREE”
	In one quick motion I threw the bed covers to the ground and saw it.


Chapter 7: SISTER, where art thou?!

It was just this girl. She looked about my age and was fully dressed in a nice looking white dress. She was slender, had dark skin, long black hair and a nifty little pair of white cowboy boots on. 
	“So we finally meet, sister”, I said aloud with a grin on my face.
	The only thing that kind of freaked me out about this situation was how she was staring directly into my eyes and kept staring at me no matter where I moved. It didn’t even look like she was breathing or making any other type of movement. I decided the best course of action was to have a closer observation. I bent over the bed a little to get a closer look. She was still looking directly into my eyes.
	“Hello, there!”, I said.
	“…”, she responded.
	“Im your brother! You probably don’t remember me since our parents never let us see each other.”, I said to her.
	“……..”, she said back.
	I stood there for a second not knowing what to do.
	“So, can you talk?”, I asked.
	“……………………………….”, she said back to me.
	I started getting annoyed by her lack of cooperation. It didn’t seem like she had the ability to move any part of her body besides her eyes.
	“Well I don’t know how you managed to survive in here all this time by yourself but I’m on a mission to find our mother. I accidentally killed dad a few days ago so mom is the only thing we could possibly have left in the world, besides each other.”
She didn’t show it but she seemed to be listening intently.
“Now I’m going to ask you one more time, can you walk?”
I looked closed at her face to try and catch any signs of a response. Several seconds passed and there was none. I gave an exasperated sigh and sat down on the bed beside her. I stared at the wall for a few minutes trying to think of what I should do with her. I began getting lost in thought.

When I was a wee little lad my mom would sometimes have her mom stay for a month or two to take care of me while she and daddy went off to work. Now grandma was nice and all but she could get pretty crazy when she got mad at me. She had this crazy syndrome where she would get infuriated if I even accidentally stepped over any part of her body. I remember one time in particular I stepped over her. I didn’t do it on purpose but once I did I knew what was coming. I ran for my life and she began chasing me with a spatula. We ended up running around in circles outside around the house and she was never able to catch me (since she was so old!). Eventually I saw mommy pull up in the driveway and ran to her for protection. It was quite an exciting event!

So I sat there on the edge of my sister’s bed when I suddenly remember why I came into this room in the first place: to find a way into the attic. I looked up at the ceiling and not too long after I saw the hatch that led up. I was right over the dresser so it wouldn’t be hard to get up and in. I began to get up to go investigate closer but I felt something weakly grabbed my wrist. I turned my head and saw that that my sis had finally sprung into action. She looked at me and gave me a smile and began sitting up.
“Hey who are you?” she asked.
“I’m your brother! You probably don’t remember me since we’ve never met ever,” I responded.
“I don’t have a brother,” she said with a serious look on her face.
We just sort of stared at each other for a few seconds.
“Don’t be silly of course you do and I’m him!” I said almost while laughing.
“No,” she said in a very stern voice, “I’ve never had a brother.”
It was about then I realized that this girl, who supposedly had a terminal brain cancer, had been trapped in this room for all these years with no source of food or water. Some doubt began entering my mind.
“If you don’t mind me asking, how have you been living in this room all this time? I mean, there’s no food or anything.” I said and asked.
“Well,” she began, “I’m actually not quite sure how I got here. All I remember is waking up in this spot one day trapped under these blankets with some sort of paralysis hindering my movement. I don’t even know how long it’s been. I only got the energy to move after you uncovered me.”
“That’s kind of odd. I guess it must’ve been the light and fresh air that got you going.” I said.
	“So who are you?” she asked with deep interest, “and why are you here?”
	“I kind of want to ask you the same questions lol!” I retorted. “But anyways, I’ve been living in this house for my whole life. However, my father recently passed away and Im on a quest to find my mother. I thought that this room may lead to the attic where she was last seen so I busted in and found you instead!” I explained.
	“That’s interesting,” she responded as she edged closer to me. “Would you mind if I joined you in your quest? I mean, I just woke up from a mysterious slumber and I don’t really know anyone around here.”
	“Sure,” I said looking into this girl’s eyes. They were a very lovely shade of brown. “By the way, do you have a name?”
	“Name?” she asked with a confused look on her face. 
She thought for a second and something dawned on her. She lifted up her hair and showed me the back of her neck. 
	“Can you read what it says?” she asked.
	I looked closely at her skin. I could make out some small letters.
	“k-kA?” I read.
	“Yeah that’s it,” she said, “You can just call me Keika”.
	“Alrite then!” I said with glee, “Now if you don’t mind, Keika, I would like to get into this attic and search around for traces of my mom. You can just hang around down here while I search the attic.”
	She looked disappointed. 
	“Actually do you mind if we stay together? Im kind of scared to be by myself right now.” She said with an uneasiness in her voice.
	“Oh..alright,” I said, “We can stay together until you feel comfortable around here.”
	I took her hand and helped her off the bed. She kind of stumbled around trying to get her balance. I could tell she hadn’t walked in a while.
	“Here just take my arm,” I told her, “We’ll go downstairs and get you something to eat.”
	“Oh ok,” she said, smiling at me.
	I led her down stairs.

Chapter 8: lame attempt at romance

Keika held on to me tightly as we walked into the kitchen. I couldn’t help but feel my heart melt a little. Her little cowboy boots clacked against the wooden floor with each step and even with me supporting her she would still stumble around a bit. She saw as I tried holding in my laughter.
	“What’s so funny you jerk!” she playfully yelled at me.
	“Oh nothing,” I responded, “It’s just that you’re kind of cute with your white dress and cowboy boots. : )”.
	“Oh shut up,” she said with a smile on her face. 
	She slapped my arm weakly and we moved into the kitchen.
	“Why are you wearing those clothes anyways?” I asked.
	“I’m not quite sure,” she responded, “there’s a lot of things I don’t know about my past right now.”
	“Well hopefully we’ll be able to figure things out eventually,” said I, “let’s just have a bite to eat first.”
	I decided to make her my famous eggs and waffles. However, before I could fully bust out my eggs I saw Keika staring at me.
	“What’s wrong?” I asked.
	She looked away, then down at the ground. I walked over put my arm around her.
	“Is everything alri- ” before I could finish my question she threw herself at me and wrapped her arm around my torso. With her head up against my chest she whispered to me.
	“Please don’t leave me”
	I was a bit taken back by her words but I eventually complied and wrapped my arms around her body as well. I wondered what happened to this girl to make her have such an attachment to a complete stranger such as myself. We stood there for a few minutes with our eyes closed and in each other’s arms. My hands started wandering. I put one on the small of her back and the other I used to rub the back of her head. As I was rubbing her back I noticed something weird: she had an unusually hairy back. Now that I thought about it I remembered how hairy her arms were when I was leading her downstairs. I opened my eyes. Turns out she was a bear. 
	“oh shit,” I yelled. I tried diving out of the way but that bear took a mighty swipe at me and totally wrecked my shit.
	


Chapter 9: I Couldn’t Turn this into A love Story so I had to get rid of that girl As soon as Possible

I woke up several days later in a pile of my own blood. I slowly got up and looked around. I saw that the clock read 3:27am. I wondered how long I was knocked out for. I could vaguely remember something about a bear looked around carefully for any bears before moving. 

I decided the most logical course of action from this point would be to go back to my sister’s room and explore dat hidden 
